# PizzeriaDOM

C# school project

A pizzeria wants to computerize its order-production-delivery system in order to improve its performance. Here's how she would like the process to go once computerized. When a customer calls the restaurant, the clerk who takes the call always begins by asking the customer if this is their first order in this restaurant. If the customer has already ordered, the clerk asks for their phone number in order to find the customer's contact details and confirm their address. When the customer is on his first order, the clerk must then enter the full contact details of the customer (surname, first name, address, telephone number, and the date of his first order). He then enters the command. An order must include one (or more) pizza(s), and possibly additional drink type products (cola, orange juice, etc.) according to a volume to be specified. The pizzas are available in three different sizes (small, medium, large) and several types (eg tomato/cheese sauce, vegetarian, all dressed, etc.). The price of a pizza depends on its size and type. The order includes the following information: order number, time, date, customer name , clerk name, items ordered. The pizza(s) ordered is (are) then prepared by the cooks and then sent for delivery. Once the order is placed, a confirmation message is sent to: – customer. Message of support for his order; – kitchen. Message confirming pizza choice; – delivery man. Order message with customer details with a delay of 5 min – committed. Order opening confirmation message. The delivery person then takes the pizza(s) and the related invoice, adds the other products and leaves to make the delivery. When the address indicated is correct and found, he delivers the order to the customer and receives the payment and he sends a confirmation message to the pizzeria. He returns to the pizzeria with the double of the bill and the money. On his return, the clerk asks the delivery person for the invoice, enters the order number, the delivery person's number, collects the money and closes the order by sending two messages to – delivery man. Closing message of the order and the amount of its payment. – Clerk. Order closing confirmation message. At any time, the clerk can know the status of an order (in preparation, in delivery or closed). Orders that could not be delivered are marked as losses by the clerk and are closed. Each honored order increases the number of orders made by the customer.

Please give the UML schemas (class diagram, use cases) corresponding to your conceptual analysis of this case.
Propose a C# application that simulates the operation of the pizzeria with communication. Deliverable The project is done in a team alone or in 3 (TPs team). It must reflect the above specifications. Any unwritten information can be interpreted as you wish. You will attach a report ( maximum 3 pages) to your C# solution in which you will note your additions if necessary. You will explain the UML diagram of your solution and the resulting C# structures. The C# solution comes in the form of a graphical user interface (WPF or another of your choice). You are free to represent the information as you wish. Customer / Workforce module The application must be able to enter, delete or modify a new Customer and a new Clerk and Deliverer on the one hand or to read Customer, Clerk or Deliverer files It is necessary at any time to be able to display all the Customers and/or the workforce according to several criteria: (successively or simultaneously) Customers: • In alphabetical order • By city • Amount of cumulative purchases, which will allow to know the best customers Orders module To facilitate the simulation, you are asked to be able to load command files. It is also necessary to be able to create a new order or modify it and simulate its different stages: • Order in preparation, in delivery or closed. • Order cashed or at a loss. It is necessary to be able to : • Calculate the price of an order and display it by its number • Display an order by its number Statistics module General assessments should also be made. • Display by clerk, the number of orders managed • Display by delivery person the number of deliveries made • Show orders by time period • Show average order prices • View Average Accounts Receivable Communications module It must be represented by 4 parties: • customer, • kitchen, • delivery man, • clerk. Other module which will be the result of your creativity on the management of this pizzeria In any case, all the concepts must be used: • OOP with inheritance, • abstract class, • Interface (C# interface use and interface creation), • Delegation (using C# delegation) • 1 different generic collection • use of Message Broker OR async/await
